update readme docs (#1007)
threefoldtech/threefold_connect: app/README.md

- Import existing wallets using seed phrases or secret keys
- Send and receive tokens on both TFChain and the Stellar network
- Bridge tokens between TFChain, Stellar and Solana networks
- Verify your identity for KYC requirements
- Monitor your balance in real-time
- Manage contacts for easy transfers

### Farm

In the ThreeFold Connect app, you can:

- Create and manage both v3 and v4 farms
- View farm details and configurations
- Track node status (online/offline) in real-time

### Node Monitoring

- Receive proactive notifications when nodes go offline
- Smart notification system that categorizes offline nodes:
  - Recent outages (0-1 hour): Notifications every 15 minutes
  - Short outages (1-4 hours): Notifications every hour
  - Medium outages (4-24 hours): Notifications every 4 hours
  - Extended outages (1-3 days): Notifications every 12 hours
  - Long outages (3-7 days): Notifications once daily
  - Very long outages (beyond 7 days): Notifications suppressed

### DAO

Inside the app, you can vote on TFChain proposals and view the results of your votes.

### Signing

Inside the app you can sign content with one of your wallets.

> The content is hashed using md5 and signed using the private key of the wallet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The content is hashed by md5 and signed by sr25519 using one of your wallets.
```

There are 3 ways to sign:

- **Sign with text**
  - Enter custom text directly in the app
  - Select which wallet to sign with
  - Optionally specify a destination URL to send the signed data

> - **Sign with QR Code**

Reviewer: Can you mention what the expected JSON keys are in the QR code?
